# aws-elastic-beanstalk-notes

# Deploymeny Policies and Settings :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_3wu8Kx7__BRqYzgu2964W36ZQSehcr5K41lz8ARRYw/edit?usp=sharing

# Deploying Applications to Elastic Beanstalk Environments :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10wXIC0OZWLPcXtL7i2_jbr86raJHpYoirMiwwy5AE7s/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Multi Container Docker Environment :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NwsvmNfXwl0DkLw9pyIx73DeAsTS78fSF_xqtRYoKYM/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Multi Container Docker Environment Demo :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nw5X6t53a4r6KPM2U8pESFRftjnYf1L8QYCF_0sieQ0/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk Application Deployment :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yoglXZZZzZfpVi8jlwyXlvdg-WMgL9vh6IgiBn29KUk/edit?usp=sharing

# Working with Elastic Beanstalk CLI :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j0zvKkJK2K3Ybe36xMOEEVGFvVoPJmSSKd4-9pCPULU/edit?usp=sharing

# Deploying Elastic Beanstalk Applications from Docker Containers :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dTNpQ8-loX-9AiOd89VEh-5Dubv5I1A1PfITkqgF1t0/edit?usp=sharing

# Single Container Docker Configurations :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15gRhKitzoMBSSSSvW47SqNR3V_Fkk2I7ib1JDauHOhI/edit?usp=sharing

# Advanced Environment Customization with Configuration Files (.ebextensions) :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DWG6UeNUqoFWYPlDPC7vedvX8JC7ehQaaJszGRd5S80/edit?usp=sharing

# .ebextensions - PHP DynamoDB Sessions Demo :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FVcHREwsa2PXbHTRcbCSa1SPyU2uRH_Gx1_fw2n612w/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk Preconfigured Docker Python Application Demo :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/13MB07t0KQtq_m4_gT1DCwVg3sI0e8nfvt8d5zCjDY2g/edit?usp=sharing

# Blue Green Deployment with Elastic Beanstalk :thumbsup:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-AcLgKMRGMGZT3_ws7Jn4UgU0nJ6QUb_A6FUK9-yb7Y/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Saved Configurations
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uzYgaDcZfizgQu7ekUB4fvQycUnc7hHwtJs8UTnfV3o/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Basic Health Reporting
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ppuq0JihFqS8b-44cXP_BabIvR9_h8b-teOxuesT5fI/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Enhanced Health Reporting
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1repCUkZf4mCSaxFGSZMdlBIhDrn9sfGZWLKhcezpeGY/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Logs (tail logs, bundle log, log rotation) and log streaming
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P3VltN8rZdJZKP_JZ2cA6gMDFZF6brcU_0ns2XUjfcc/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Platform Updates and Managed Platform Updates
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15hssvSNfTJr490xXpOBUVgWLXLKJzsiiRR-2MFcStbg/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Worker Environment
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dbZqs6TgAd7FmuqjRWaOZRHiXUrSIXnLo6gAXZoo3RU/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Worker Environment Demo
https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jR4cvotuUcQ11ob3awKpA_PGjVrh-JLQdp2dWVIlGc/edit?usp=sharing

# Elastic Beanstalk - Application Version Lifecycle Settings
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iCcWAyc3GaqEecN86FMEkhYeqvHoBq9aEAc5eCmvWDE/edit?usp=sharing

